Alt Text Edits - Android (#3328)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/analytics/location_tracking.md

---

# Location tracking for Android and FireOS

Add at least one of the following permissions to your `AndroidManifest.xml` file to declare your app's intent to collect location data:

```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION" />
```
```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION" />
```

> `ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION` includes GPS data in reporting user location while `ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION` includes data from the most battery-efficient non-GPS provider available (e.g., the network). Coarse location will likely be sufficient for most location data use-cases; however, under the runtime permissions model, receiving location permission from the user implicitly authorizes the collection of fine location data. Take a look at [this article][1] to read more about the differences between these location permissions and how you should utilize them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION` includes GPS data in reporting user location while `ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION` includes data from the most battery-efficient non-GPS provider available (e.g., the network). Coarse location will likely be sufficient for most location data use-cases; however, under the runtime permissions model, receiving location permission from the user implicitly authorizes the collection of fine location data. Take a look at [Location Strategies][1] from Android Developers to read more about the differences between these location permissions and how you should utilize them.
```
